Sister, I have a gambling debt outside
They said if I didn't pay them back
Cut off my hand
I can't help it either.
Misfortune
How could I have a brother like you?
From today onwards
You don't have to come back to the store.
Go home and reflect on it
Ok you wait for me
Wait a minute, put things in the box for me
So disgusting
Sorry bridge
I misunderstood you before.
It's okay, Master Fang
Can these eight sword bronzes be exchanged back to this shop?
trabecular
Don't be complacent. Today is your lucky day.
But then what?
It's still in the sand all day long.
You still can't make it in the antique world
Don't worry, he won't survive today.
What nonsense are you talking about, bro?
Don't dare to say this nonsense
Hahahaha
Shao Liang, you are really crazy
You dare to curse me, Chen Tianshi, to death
Okay, three days later, at the big game
Do you dare to tell him yourself?
Good idea.
I will definitely go
overreach
At that time
I will see with my own eyes how you died
Humph
I'm taking a shower.
What are you doing?
take a shower
Send a photo to see.
Think beautifully
I want to see people take a shower before I see them
Your words don't count
I said several times that I wanted to meet, but I didn't see it.
The club is over
I can give you a chance to meet me.
Ah, what a coincidence